[MUSIC]
Now we're going to show you how to use
two more advanced Paste Special functions.
First we'll look at Multiply,
then we'll look at Transpose.
If we take a look at the data table
that is provided for this exercise,
we notice that the signs have been
entered incorrectly for revenue and
cost of goods sold.
This happens often when working in
the accounting industry.
It's important to
always pay attention to the data
that you are providing to make sure that
the results make sense and are logical.
So we can go in and
change the signs of the values manually.
But that can become quite tedious, and
it's also increasing the risk of manual
errors, which affect our spreadsheet and
final answers.
Instead, we're going to use
the Paste Special option
to change the signs in row 77.
Notice how there's a -1 in cell I80.
We're going to use this -1 and
Paste Special to multiply the revenue and
COGS by -1 to change the sign.
Let's start by selecting cell I80 and
pressing Ctrl+C.
Now, we want to change
the signs in rows 76 and 77.
So let's go and select those cells, and
then bring up the Paste Special
menu using Ctrl+Alt+V.
Now, we want to multiply, so let's select
that option in the menu and press OK.
As you can see, your revenue and
cost of goods sold signs switch, and
you've now changed the sign.
Paste Special Multiply functionality
is definitely useful when
you need to make a quick change
like this to a large dataset.
Instead of going in manually and
changing the values,
this helps you do it much quicker, and
you also avoid the risk of manual errors.
Now, let's look at the Transpose
option on the Paste Special menu.
A lot of times,
when you're trying to manipulate data and
change the layout of a table, you want to
switch the rows and columns around.
The leading practice is to use
the Transpose option to do so.
First, we select the data that
we're looking to transpose.
Here, that is the months in column C.
Next, we copy these cells using Ctrl+C.
We select the cells where we
want to paste these months.
Then we bring up the Paste Special Menu
using Ctrl+Alt+V.
We want to transpose the values,
so let's select Transpose and
Values on the Paste Special menu,
and then select OK.
[MUSIC]